Feature: add extensions documentation (#110)
Canner/vulcan-sql: packages/doc/docs/extensions/customize-extension.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> # Customize Extension

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I have fixed it!

> Beside use the published extensions, you could also customized extensions by using our base extension components .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides using the published extensions, you could also customize extensions by using our base extension components.
```
We should use "besides" for "In addition to" ~

Author: I have been fixed the words, thanks !

    dataSources: [ MyDataSource1, MyDataSource2 ];
   }
   ```

   If you use `export default` to export your customized extension class.

   ```ts
   import { MyValidator } from './my-validator';

   export default [MyValidator];
   ```

   You could also use `export default` to export multiple same type extensions by **array type**.

   ```ts
   import { MyValidator1 } from './my-validator1';
   import { MyValidator2 } from './my-validator2';

   export default [MyValidator1, MyValidator2];
   ```

   You could also use `export default` to export multiple different type extensions by **key-value type**.

   ```ts
   import { MyValidator1 } from './my-validator1';
   import { MyDataSource1 } from './my-data-source1';
   import { MyDataSource2 } from './my-data-source2';

   export default {
    validators: MyValidator1;
    dataSources: [ MyDataSource1, MyDataSource2 ];
   }
   ```

   </TabItem>

   </Tabs>

## Use your customized extensions

You could use [npm link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npm-link) to link extension package locally:

```bash
my-extension $ npm link
```

Or you could install local extension package by `npm i -g <extension-package-folder>`:

> ```bash
> $ npm i -g /Users/<user-name>/Code/my-extension
> ```

Reviewer: We don't need to install packages globally.
```suggestion
```bash
$ npm i  /Users/<user-name>/Code/my-extension
```
```

Author: Thanks for the reminder, I have fixed it!
